docs: Add v3.5 upgrading notes (#11709)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/upgrading.md

Breaking changes  typically (sometimes we don't realise they are breaking) have "!" in the commit message, as per
the [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary).

## Upgrading to v3.5

> There is no known breaking change in this release. Please submit an issue if you encounter any issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no known breaking changes in this release. Please file an issue if you encounter any unexpected problems after upgrading.
```
